Removing 'very' with additional minor edits. (#1224)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/modules/redisearch/release-notes/redisearch-1.4-release-notes.md

Like most search engines, RediSearch was designed for maintaining append-mostly indices. To update an existing document, the document is actually replaced - that is deleted and added to the index.

> Because RediSearch provides realtime indexing and searching, it's sometimes used to search near-realtime data (or the results of its processing). In such cases, the number of indexed documents stays mostly static, but their contents are continuously updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because RediSearch provides realtime indexing and searching, it is sometimes used to search near-realtime data (or the results of its processing). In such cases, the number of indexed documents stays mostly static, but their contents are continuously updated.
```
I prefer to avoid contractions whenever possible.
